docs: Exotel integration (#392)
frappe/erpnext_com: erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/erpnext_integration/exotel_integration.md

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->

# Exotel Integration

> This integration enables you to integrate Exotel with your ERPNext system, if you are using Exotel for business to capture the leads with their phone number directly in your ERPNext account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration allows you to integrate Exotel with your ERPNext system, if you are using Exotel for business to capture the leads with their phone number directly in your ERPNext account.
```

> This integration enables you to integrate Exotel with your ERPNext system, if you are using Exotel for business to capture the leads with their phone number directly in your ERPNext account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This integration allows you to integrate Exotel into your ERPNext account. Leads and their phone numbers captured via Exotel will be directly saved to your ERPNext.
```

> ## Features

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This integration has the following features:
```

Author: isn't it the standard structure?

Reviewer 2: ok so add numbering to all headings

1. Track incoming calls in your ERPNext account.

> 2. Shows lead/customer information pop-up to employees when an incoming call is received.

Reviewer 2: use regular bullets not numbered

## How to setup

> ### 1. Setup in your Exotel account for call popup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Setup your Exotel account
```

> - Login to your Exotel account and go to App Bazar

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Login to your Exotel account and go to App Bazar.
```

- Create a new App for a new flow.
- Setup the flow as you wish it to be.
- In your connect API under "Create popup..." and paste following URL:
`https://<your-site>/api/method/erpnext.erpnext_integrations.exotel_integration.handle_incoming_call`

> <img class="screenshot" alt="Connect Applet" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/erpnext_integrations/exotel_integration/connect_applet.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Connect Applet](/docs/assets/img/erpnext_integrations/exotel_integration/connect_applet.png)
```

Reviewer 2: he's just showing off that he's a web dev. "HTML" /jk
but seriously md image tags are simpler

<img class="screenshot" alt="Call Popup Section" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/erpnext_integrations/exotel_integration/create_popup_section.png">

> **Note:** Replace `<your-site>` in URL with your site name. For example, if the site name is **frappe.erpnext.com** then the URL will be: `https://frappe.erpnext.com/api/method/erpnext.erpnext_integrations.exotel_integration.handle_incoming_call`

> - After that add a Passthru applet under "After Call Conversation ends" and paste following URL:

Reviewer 2: take the URL to a new line

`https://<your-site>/api/method/erpnext.erpnext_integrations.exotel_integration.handle_end_call`

<img class="screenshot" alt="After Conversation Ends Section" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/erpnext_integrations/exotel_integration/after_conversation_ends_section.png">

<img class="screenshot" alt="After call ends section" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/erpnext_integrations/exotel_integration/passthru_end_call.png">

> **Note:** Make sure to check "Make Passthru Async"

- Similary, add a Passthru applet under "If nobody answers..." section and paste following URL:

> `https://<your-site>/api/method/erpnext.erpnext_integrations.exotel_integration.handle_missed_call`

Reviewer 2: URL in new line

<img class="screenshot" alt="No Response Section" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/erpnext_integrations/exotel_integration/no_response.png">

<img class="screenshot" alt="After call ends section" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/erpnext_integrations/exotel_integration/passthru_missed_call.png">

> > **Note:** Make sure to check "Make Passthru Async"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Make sure to check "Make Passthru Async".
```

- Save the flow.
- Now assign this newly created app to your ExoPhone from which you receive your business calls.

### 2. Setup in ERPNext

> - From Awesome Bar, go to 'Exotel Settings'.

Reviewer 2: add regular navigation if available

Author: Regular navigation is not available

> - Set your "Exotel SID" and "Exotel Token". You can find your Exotel API key and token on your [Exotel Dashboard](https://my.exotel.com/apisettings/site#api-credentials)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Set your "Exotel SID" and "Exotel Token". You can find your Exotel API key and token on your [Exotel Dashboard](https://my.exotel.com/apisettings/site#api-credentials).
```
